---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "segment_destination Data Source - terraform-provider-segment"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The destination
---

# segment_destination (Data Source)

The destination

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Gets the destination info
data "segment_destination" "my_destination" {
  id = "abc123"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of this instance of a Destination. Config API note: analogous to `name`.

### Read-Only

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether this instance of a Destination receives data.
- `metadata` (Attributes) The metadata of the Destination of which this Destination is an instance of. For example, Google Analytics or Amplitude. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) The name of this instance of a Destination. Config API note: equal to `displayName`.
- `settings` (String) The settings associated with the Destination.
- `source_id` (String) The id of a Source connected to this instance of a Destination. Config API note: analogous to `parent`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Attributes List) Actions available for the Destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--actions))
- `categories` (List of String) A list of categories with which the Destination is associated.
- `components` (Attributes List) A list of components this Destination provides. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--components))
- `contacts` (Attributes List) Contact info for Integration Owners. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--contacts))
- `description` (String) The description of the Destination.
- `id` (String) The id of the Destination metadata. Config API note: analogous to `name`.
- `logos` (Attributes) The Destination's logos. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--logos))
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name of the Destination. Config API note: equal to `displayName`.
- `options` (Attributes List) Options configured for the Destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--options))
- `partner_owned` (Boolean) Partner Owned flag.
- `presets` (Attributes List) Predefined Destination subscriptions that can optionally be applied when connecting a new instance of the Destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--presets))
- `previous_names` (List of String) A list of names previously used by the Destination.
- `region_endpoints` (List of String) The list of regional endpoints for this Destination.
- `slug` (String) The slug used to identify the Destination in the Segment app.
- `status` (String) Support status of the Destination.
- `supported_features` (Attributes) Features that this Destination supports. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--supported_features))
- `supported_methods` (Attributes) Methods that this Destination supports. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--supported_methods))
- `supported_platforms` (Attributes) Platforms from which the Destination receives events. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--supported_platforms))
- `supported_regions` (List of String) A list of supported regions for this Destination.
- `website` (String) A website URL for this Destination.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.actions`

Optional:

- `default_trigger` (String) The default value used as the trigger when connecting this action.

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the action. May include Markdown.
- `fields` (Attributes List) The fields expected in order to perform the action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--actions--fields))
- `hidden` (Boolean) Whether the action should be hidden.
- `id` (String) The primary key of the action.
- `name` (String) A human-readable name for the action.
- `platform` (String) The platform on which this action runs.
- `slug` (String) A machine-readable key unique to the action definition.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata--actions--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.actions.fields`

Optional:

- `placeholder` (String) An example value displayed but not saved.

Read-Only:

- `allow_null` (Boolean) Whether this field allows null values.
- `description` (String) A human-readable description of this value. You can use Markdown.
- `dynamic` (Boolean) Whether this field should execute a dynamic request to fetch choices to populate a dropdown. When true, `choices` is ignored.
- `field_key` (String) A unique machine-readable key for the field. Should ideally match the expected key in the action's API request.
- `id` (String) The primary key of the field.
- `label` (String) A human-readable label for this value.
- `multiple` (Boolean) Whether a user can provide multiples of this field.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether this field is required.
- `sort_order` (Number) The order this particular field is (used in the UI for displaying the fields in a specified order).
- `type` (String) The data type for this value.



<a id="nestedatt--metadata--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.components`

Optional:

- `owner` (String) The owner of this component. Either 'SEGMENT' or 'PARTNER'.

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) Link to the repository hosting the code for this component.
- `type` (String) The component type.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata--contacts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.contacts`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) Email of this contact.
- `is_primary` (Boolean) Whether this is a primary contact.
- `name` (String) Name of this contact.
- `role` (String) Role of this contact.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata--logos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.logos`

Required:

- `default` (String)

Optional:

- `alt` (String) The alternative text for this logo.
- `mark` (String) The logo mark.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.options`

Optional:

- `description` (String) An optional short text description of the field.
- `label` (String) An optional label for this field.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name identifying this option in the context of a Segment Integration.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether this is a required option when setting up the Integration.
- `type` (String) Defines the type for this option in the schema.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata--presets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.presets`

Read-Only:

- `action_id` (String) The unique identifier for the Destination Action to trigger.
- `name` (String) The name of the subscription.
- `trigger` (String) FQL string that describes what events should trigger an action. See https://segment.com/docs/config-api/fql/ for more information regarding Segment's Filter Query Language (FQL).


<a id="nestedatt--metadata--supported_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.supported_features`

Optional:

- `browser_unbundling` (Boolean) Whether this Destination supports browser unbundling.
- `browser_unbundling_public` (Boolean) Whether this Destination supports public browser unbundling.
- `cloud_mode_instances` (String) This Destination's support level for cloud mode instances.
- `device_mode_instances` (String) This Destination's support level for device mode instances.
- `replay` (Boolean) Whether this Destination supports replays.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata--supported_methods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.supported_methods`

Optional:

- `alias` (Boolean) Identifies if the Destination supports the `alias` method.
- `group` (Boolean) Identifies if the Destination supports the `group` method.
- `identify` (Boolean) Identifies if the Destination supports the `identify` method.
- `pageview` (Boolean) Identifies if the Destination supports the `pageview` method.
- `track` (Boolean) Identifies if the Destination supports the `track` method.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata--supported_platforms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.supported_platforms`

Optional:

- `browser` (Boolean) Whether this Destination supports browser events.
- `mobile` (Boolean) Whether this Destination supports mobile events.
- `server` (Boolean) Whether this Destination supports server events.
