---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "segment_sourceCatalog Data Source - terraform-provider-segment"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The source catalog
---

# segment_sourceCatalog (Data Source)

The source catalog

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Gets the source catalog info
data "segment_sourceCatalog" "my_source_catalog" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `source_metadatas` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_metadatas))

<a id="nestedatt--source_metadatas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_metadatas`

Read-Only:

- `categories` (List of String) A list of categories this Source belongs to.
- `description` (String) The description of this Source.
- `id` (String) The id for this Source metadata in the Segment catalog. Config API note: analogous to `name`.
- `is_cloud_event_source` (List of Boolean) True if this is a Cloud Event Source.
- `logos` (Attributes List) The logos for this Source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_metadatas--logos))
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name of this Source. Config API note: equal to `displayName`.
- `options` (Attributes List) Options for this Source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_metadatas--options))
- `slug` (String) The slug that identifies this Source in the Segment app. Config API note: equal to `name`.

<a id="nestedatt--source_metadatas--logos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_metadatas.logos`

Optional:

- `alt` (String) The alternative text for this logo.
- `mark` (String) The logo mark.

Read-Only:

- `default` (String) The default URL for this logo.


<a id="nestedatt--source_metadatas--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_metadatas.options`

Optional:

- `description` (String) An optional short text description of the field.
- `label` (String) An optional label for this field.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name identifying this option in the context of a Segment Integration.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether this is a required option when setting up the Integration.
- `type` (String) Defines the type for this option in the schema.
