---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "segment_source Resource - terraform-provider-segment"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# segment_source (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Configures a specific source
resource "segment_source" "my_source" {
  slug    = "my_source_slug"
  name    = "My Source"
  enabled = true
  metadata = {
    id = "abc123"
  }
  settings = jsonencode({
    "token" : "xyz321",
  })
  labels = [
    {
      key   = "env"
      value = "dev"
    },
  ]
}

resource "segment_source" "my_source_with_schema_settings" {
  slug    = "my_source_slug"
  name    = "My Source"
  enabled = true
  metadata = {
    id = "abc123"
  }
  settings = jsonencode({
    "token" : "xyz321",
  })
  labels = [
    {
      key   = "env"
      value = "dev"
    },
  ]
  schema_settings = {
    forwarding_blocked_events_to = segment_source.my_source.id
    track = {
      allow_unplanned_events           = true
      allow_unplanned_event_properties = true
      allow_event_on_violations        = false
      allow_properties_on_violations   = true
      common_event_on_violations       = "ALLOW"
    }
    identify = {
      allow_traits_on_violations = false
      allow_unplanned_traits     = false
      common_event_on_violations = "ALLOW"
    }
    group = {
      allow_traits_on_violations = true
      allow_unplanned_traits     = true
      common_event_on_violations = "ALLOW"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable to receive data from the Source.
- `metadata` (Attributes) The metadata for the Source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `settings` (String) The settings associated with the Source.
- `slug` (String) The slug used to identify the Source in the Segment app.

### Optional

- `labels` (Attributes Set) A list of labels applied to the Source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--labels))
- `name` (String) The name of the Source.
- `schema_settings` (Attributes) The schema settings associated with the Source. Upon import, this field will be empty even if the settings have already been configured due to Terraform limitations, but will be populated on the first apply. Fields not present in the config will not be managed by Terraform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schema_settings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the Source.
- `workspace_id` (String) The id of the Workspace that owns the Source.
- `write_keys` (List of String) The write keys used to send data from the Source. This field is left empty when the current token does not have the 'source admin' permission.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `id` (String) The id for this Source metadata in the Segment catalog.

Read-Only:

- `categories` (List of String) A list of categories this Source belongs to.
- `description` (String) The description of this Source.
- `is_cloud_event_source` (Boolean) True if this is a Cloud Event Source.
- `logos` (Attributes) The logos for this Source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--logos))
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name of this Source.
- `options` (Attributes List) Options for this Source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--options))
- `slug` (String) The slug that identifies this Source in the Segment app.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata--logos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.logos`

Read-Only:

- `alt` (String) The alternative text for this logo.
- `default` (String) The default URL for this logo.
- `mark` (String) The logo mark.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.options`

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (String) An optional default value for the field.
- `description` (String) An optional short text description of the field.
- `label` (String) An optional label for this field.
- `name` (String) The name identifying this option in the context of a Segment Integration.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether this is a required option when setting up the Integration.
- `type` (String) Defines the type for this option in the schema. Types are most commonly strings, but may also represent other primitive types, such as booleans, and numbers, as well as complex types, such as objects and arrays.



<a id="nestedatt--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key that represents the name of this label.
- `value` (String) The value associated with the key of this label.


<a id="nestedatt--schema_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema_settings`

Optional:

- `forwarding_blocked_events_to` (String) Source id to forward blocked events to.
- `forwarding_violations_to` (String) Source id to forward violations to.
- `group` (Attributes) Group settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schema_settings--group))
- `identify` (Attributes) Identify settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schema_settings--identify))
- `track` (Attributes) Track settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schema_settings--track))

<a id="nestedatt--schema_settings--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema_settings.group`

Optional:

- `allow_traits_on_violations` (Boolean) Enable to allow group traits on violations.
- `allow_unplanned_traits` (Boolean) Enable to allow unplanned group traits.
- `common_event_on_violations` (String) The common group event on violations.


<a id="nestedatt--schema_settings--identify"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema_settings.identify`

Optional:

- `allow_traits_on_violations` (Boolean) Enable to allow identify traits on violations.
- `allow_unplanned_traits` (Boolean) Enable to allow unplanned identify traits.
- `common_event_on_violations` (String) The common identify event on violations.


<a id="nestedatt--schema_settings--track"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema_settings.track`

Optional:

- `allow_event_on_violations` (Boolean) Allow track event on violations.
- `allow_properties_on_violations` (Boolean) Enable to allow track properties on violations.
- `allow_unplanned_event_properties` (Boolean) Enable to allow unplanned track event properties.
- `allow_unplanned_events` (Boolean) Enable to allow unplanned track events.
- `common_event_on_violations` (String) The common track event on violations.
