---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "segment_user Resource - terraform-provider-segment"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A user or invite belonging to a Segment Workspace. Only users may be imported.
---

# segment_user (Resource)

A user or invite belonging to a Segment Workspace. Only users may be imported.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Configures a specific invite/user
resource "segment_user" "example" {
  email = "example@segment.com"
  permissions = [
    {
      role_id = "abc123"
      resources = [
        {
          id   = "abc123"
          type = "WORKSPACE"
          labels = [
            {
              key   = "env"
              value = "stage"
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) The email address associated with this user.
- `permissions` (Attributes Set) The permissions associated with this user. This field is currently limited to 200 items. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for this user, or the user's email if the invite has not been accepted.
- `is_invite` (Boolean) Whether or not this user is an invite.
- `name` (String) The human-readable name of this user, or the user's email if the invite has not been accepted.

<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Required:

- `role_id` (String) The id of the role associated with this permission.

Optional:

- `resources` (Attributes Set) The resources associated with this permission. This field is currently limited to 200 items. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--permissions--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.resources`

Required:

- `id` (String) The id of this resource.
- `labels` (Attributes Set) The labels that further refine access to this resource. Labels are exclusive to Workspace-level permissions. This field is currently limited to 200 items. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions--resources--labels))
- `type` (String) The type for this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--permissions--resources--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.resources.labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key that represents the name of this label.
- `value` (String) The value associated with the key of this label.
