---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "segment_warehouse Resource - terraform-provider-segment"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The warehouse
---

# segment_warehouse (Resource)

The warehouse

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Configures a specific source
resource "segment_warehouse" "example" {
  metadata = {
    id = "abc123"
  }
  enabled = true
  settings = jsonencode({
    token : "zyx321"
  })
  name = "My Terraform Warehouse!"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) The metadata for the Warehouse. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `settings` (String) The settings associated with this Warehouse.  Common settings are connection-related configuration used to connect to it, for example host, username, and port.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) When set to true, this Warehouse receives data.
- `name` (String) An optional human-readable name for this Warehouse.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the Warehouse.
- `workspace_id` (String) The id of the Workspace that owns this Warehouse.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `id` (String) The id of this object.

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A description, in English, of this object.
- `logos` (Attributes) Logo information for this object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--logos))
- `name` (String) The name of this object.
- `options` (Attributes List) The Integration options for this object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--options))
- `slug` (String) A human-readable, unique identifier for object.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata--logos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.logos`

Read-Only:

- `alt` (String) The alternative text for this logo.
- `default` (String) The default URL for this logo.
- `mark` (String) The logo mark.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.options`

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (String) An optional default value for the field.
- `description` (String) An optional short text description of the field.
- `label` (String) An optional label for this field.
- `name` (String) The name identifying this option in the context of a Segment Integration.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether this is a required option when setting up the Integration.
- `type` (String) Defines the type for this option in the schema.
